=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 26=
Here, Ms. Lan.
I brought you
some fruits.
A friend of mine lives here too.
She invited me over for mahjong.
Wait, you have friends who live here?
I met her at the table.
She's loaded.
I mean, filthy rich.
She loves a few rounds of mahjong.
She's garbage at it, though.
She's just in it for the fun anyway.
She'll lose six figures
and won't even flinch.
Alright.
I should get going now.
I've got a game to get to.
Hongyan, wait.
Yeah? What is it, Ms. Lan?
I'm just sitting around at home anyway.
You guys need a fourth?
Count me in.
Ugh, I'm such an idiot.
How did I not think of you?
If we team up
and feed each other
the right tiles,
we'll totally clean house.
Exactly.
This is Lian. I've told you about her.
And this is Qiang.
They're my regulars.
Everyone, this is my bestie,
Lan.
Lan, huh?
Are you a good sport?
Totally.
Lan, it's our first time playing together.
Let's start low at 1,000.
Can we agree on a 64-fold cap?
The maximum payout is over 60,000.
Do you usually play
for stakes this high?
Yeah.
You call this high?
This is the smallest stake
we've ever played.
Normally, we're doing
3,000 to 5,000 a hand.
Sometimes over 10,000.
Right.
If it's too much for you,
we can just skip it today.
No, don't.
I didn't mean anything.
I can do 1,000.
Let's stick with that.
It's nothing crazy.
Let's get into it.
We'll use hand signals
to coordinate once we start.
Touching the nose means Bamboos.
Tucking hair means Cracks.
Pursing lips means Dots.
Three Bamboo.
Run.
I'm ready to win.
Already?
I better not feed you your win.
Four Crack.
Two Crack.
I win!
Are you kidding me?
Talk about a jinx.
Hey, we had a deal.
Pay up. No whining.
What do you take me for?
A 24-fold win. That's 24,000.
Check it yourself.
Ms. Lian, you're a class act.
Come on.
Another round.
Let's keep it moving.
Nine Crack.
I win.
Soap.
Hidden Quad.
Run.
Set.
That's it.
I win.
I win again.
Man, I'm on a roll.
Wow, Ms. Lan.
Your luck is insane.
In just a few rounds,
you've taken us for over 300,000.
Guess today's your day.
You guys went easy on me.
Look, these 1,000 stakes are a joke.
There's zero skin in this game.
It's putting me to sleep.
Let's bump it
to 10,000 and actually
make it interesting.
Lan,
we can swap you out
if you're not up for it.
- Nah.
- Seriously,
we're playing for peanuts here.
Who says I'm quitting?
You do know
that I live
in the biggest villa
at Longting One, right?
I've got more than enough
to cover your little bet.
True, true.
I could tell
right away you were the real deal.
Oh, absolutely.
Let's stick to the usual, then.
We settle the tab after every round.
We good?
Deal.
Let's play.
Eight Crack.
I win.
Hate to do it to you, Lan.
I was waiting on that tile.
Full Flush, Concealed,
and a Hidden Quad.
Let's see.
That's 48 points,
so 480,000. Much appreciated.
It's okay, Lan.
Nobody wins every hand.
You were on such a streak
earlier anyway.
This is just a blip.
You'll make it up next round.
Yeah.
It's no big deal.
Win some, lose some.
Let's go.
Next round.
I win.
One Bamboo.
Nobody needs this, right?
- I win.
Seven Pairs.
Big Three Dragons.
13 Orphans.
Triple Blast.
180 points.
That makes it 1,800,000.
I'll take that.
Lan,
a few bad runs don't mean anything.
You were up a million before this.
Now Lan,
time to settle up.
Can I just put it on my tab for now?
We agreed on the jump.
We settle up every round.
Weren't you the one preaching
about being a good sport?
Fine.
I'll pay.
I'll pay now.
(Payment received: 1,800,000)
Alright.
Let's call it a day.
I'm done.
Hold on.
I just paid up,
and now you're leaving?
Lan,
it's not that we're calling it quits.
It's just that you tapped out.
I...
Ms. Lan,
looks like you're out of bankroll.
Nonsense.
I have money.
I just don't have that much cash
on hand right now.
Hongyan, please.
Could you lend me some?
Lan, don't worry.
Let me see what I can do.
Okay.
Ms. Lian, we're all friends here.
Maybe you could cut Lan some slack?
I'll make an exception.
Just for your sake.
I know.
Lan, do you have anything
you could put up as collateral?
I'll front you the cash if you do.
I...
How about that big villa of yours?
Put it up.
That's right.
Lan, come on.
You've got Longting One A05.
That place is worth 180 million.
But that belongs to Ye Chen.
He's your son-in-law, right?
Since when do you answer to him?
You're the one in charge.
Exactly.
Besides, you're just trying
to break even.
It's not like it's a sure loss.
What's the problem?
You know what?
Forget I asked.
No, I'm in.
I'll put up the villa.
Here. Sign this.
To hell with the odds.
There's no way I'm blowing it all.
(Pledgor: Ma Lan)
Alright.
Game on.
Come on.
Keep them coming.
Let's go.
Lan,
this is awkward.
You lost the entire 180 million.
We have two ways to settle this.
First, pay me
100 million in cash.
I don't have that kind of money.
You're down to one option, then.
Get your son-in-law here
to hand over the deed.
No.
Ms. Lian, please.
You already took me
for more than two million.
Don't take the villa,
please.
Trying to back out now?
Careful.
Don't make me do this the hard way.
Hongyan.
Help me out and talk to her.
She's your friend, right?
You said she's loaded.
This is pocket change to her.
I'm begging you!
Hongyan, please!
Look,
you dug this hole.
What am I supposed to do?
But...
Ms. Lian,
I'm begging you!
Have mercy
on me!
Please,
have a heart!
Spare me the act.
I'm done being patient.
We gave you an out.
Don't push your luck!
I don't have the money.
I really don't.
My life is all I've got left.
I don't want your life.
I want the money.
What are you guys doing?
Let me go!
Hongyan, help me!
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
Let go!
I said let go!
Hello? I'm talking to you.
Don't make me say it again!
Hurry up!
Strip!
Do it yourself, or we'll do it for you!
Get on with it!
Take it off!
Keep going.
Don't stop.
There we go.
(Name: Ma Lan)
Wow, Lan, you've got quite the figure.
If these get posted online,
you'll go viral overnight.
Lan,
as one woman to another,
I hate to...
Relax.
Tell you what, Lan.
Here's another option for you.
Go home and find
this exact USB drive
your son-in-law has.
Hand it over,
and we're square.
I'll delete the photos,
and I won't take the villa.
A USB drive?
What's on it?
You have much bigger things
to worry about.
Like losing that villa,
or the photos I have sitting
in that camera.
Quit fumbling.
I can post these anytime.
No, don't.
I'll do it.
I'll go get it right now.
Delete the photos,
and I'll give it to you.
What, you think you have leverage?
Spray paint?
You think I'm stupid?
Qiang.
You're pushing your luck.
I'm the one you're after.
Leave her out of this.
Chen?
Chen.
I only did this because they have
indecent photos of me.
The USB drive is with me.
Right on cue.
Hand over the USB drive.
Now.
Not a chance.
Dream on.
I know I messed up.
But please, don't let those photos
get out.
Mom,
it's okay.
I've got this.
Oh really?
You really want
to make this difficult?
I dare you to even try
laying your hands on him.
What are Mr. Hong's men doing here?
You must be tired of living
if you're coming for him.
We're sorry.
Mr. Hong is expecting you.
Get up!
Hold on.
This one's for my mother-in-law.
- Now scram.
- Move!
What do you want?
Don't come any closer.
Stay back!
Your mother-in-law chose to play!
And she knew the stakes!
She even signed...
I don't gamble,
but I do play one game.
Rock, paper, scissors.
10 million a round.
Shall we?
10 million.
20 million.
30 million.
40 million.
50 million.
60 million.
70 million.
80 million.
Pay up.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know who I was dealing with.
Just spare me.
Please, have mercy.
The villa?
My hand, no.
No, the villa is yours.
Is her debt settled?
Yes.
All settled.
You're sure?
Yes, I swear.
And the photos?
The photos...
They're right here.
Any backups?
No. None.
Mom.
I'll leave this to you.
No one else
will ever know about this.
Chen.
It's all my fault.
You're my lifesaver.
I've learned my lesson.
No more gambling, I promise.
So the table's rigged.
You can pre-set every hand.
No wonder I got cleaned out.
You set me up.
I looked into it.
This isn't even your place.
It's a rental, right?
So tell me,
how did you target my mother-in-law?
Want to go again?
It was her!
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪